[Music]
well here's the Miami Boat Show looking
at the latest and greatest from
Raymarine this is the axiom system it's
completely new and we've got Jim here
from Raymarine to tell us his very
favorite feature what's the most
important thing about it Jim the most
exciting part of axiom is the hardware
it's super fast our quad core processor
system nice now that's cool but you know
what I think is even cooler
check out the fact that every single
fish finder the Raymarine makes is
already built into this little brain
you've got 3d fish sizes you've got a
side finder and you've got your
traditional fish finder all in the same
box Jim you were telling me that if you
have a FLIR camera on your boat you also
get another feature with axis yes the
few features called our clear cruise
infrared analytics if you're running
axiom with one of our new and 100 or M
200 series thermal cameras clear cruise
Analytics will automatically scan the
horizon in front of the boat looking for
hazards if it detects any non water
objects in the scene it highlights them
in yellow and it needs some an alert to
call your attention to objects that you
might need to take a look at it worth
they or don't even works when you're not
looking at the thermal camera you can be
looking at the fish finder or the chart
and if it sees something it'll pop an
alert up during the system to let you
know these are prototypes of the action
but they will be in the stores in a few
short months so by the time you see this
video in all likelihood they'll be on
the market and readily available let me
tell you one final thing folks Google is
priceless
you'll be very surprised just how
affordable the acting system is even
even when you're looking at nine and 12
inch units it's real shocker so check
them out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters